just polishing my lid oh my god that's
what she said
you guys want to hear some jokes okay
I'm gonna tell you got some jokes what
do you get when you cross an elephant
and a rhino Elif I know right I'm pretty
talented hung guys hi I'm Taylor I'm 26
years old I'm from San Diego California
and tonight I'll be performing stand-up
comedy an elephant and a fish swimming
trunks so far this year I performed in a
coffee shop I performed in the cafeteria
I performed at a laundromat of a form
that a pizza parlor I performed at a
girl's sweet 16 party at her mother's
Korean restaurant things aren't going
well
what do you guys what are you guys in
for
I'm terrified of people boo it's not a
nice thing to do
I've been booed by one person but never
had a room boo me I don't want that to
happen I'm a nice guy please like me
please
Freddy they're just gonna get ya oh sure
you're really good at this thank you
know better now that won the show I
wouldn't have to worry about money I
won't have to buy fruit in the 99-cent
store
you're not supposed to come on best fit
on these things I'm really desperate
good lord
please you guys you ready all right go
get him
hi hey everybody
hi hi how are you doing today I'm fine
thank you how about yourself very good
thank you for asking
oh good tell us a little bit about
yourself well my name is Taylor I'm a
professional stand-up comedian if you
don't count the fact that my mom still
pays my cell phone bills yeah very much
what made you become a comedian what was
your school life like well I got picked
on a lot I can't believe it either
oh and I found that making people laugh
means the one I take a break from
hurting me I wouldn't be here with you
guys if it wasn't for that so god bless
everybody
okay are you already making his laugh so
carry on hey what would you do if you
won the million dollars what would you
do oh well I'd buy everyone in the
audience ice cream
okay Jana do you thing they say the
hardest thing in the world is raising a
child I think the second hardest thing
is putting a comforter inside a duvet
and if you didn't laugh at that joke
it's probably because you don't know
what a duvet is I'm not a parent but I
do have rental instincts sometimes like
remember when you were little your mom
was driving and she just stopped the car
very abruptly so she'd put her arm out
to protect you and keep you safe you
know I did that today with Chinese food
apparently I was driving in England
my my grandma's really old um I guess
that's how grandmas work no she's like
um 95 whenever I talked her she tells me
how all her friends are dying as she
remains in perfect health
I figured it out you guys she's the
murderer and if you didn't laugh at that
joke it's probably because you don't
know what a duvet is thank you guys very
much thanks everybody
lela lela you know what you're very
funny brother
very very funny hello thank you
I liked it you've got you're kind of a
little bit awkward and I like that too
and you're a bit kind of strange to look
at and I really like that - I do
okay I like looking at you - hey Howie
what did you think I think you are
fabulous I really do I think that you
know I've never seen you before how long
have you been doing this almost 10 years
almost 10 years
it's amazing that you haven't and I love
that you haven't been seen and that we
can discover you right here on a GT
what's amazing even the way you sound I
like your voice I mean when you become
famous people are gonna be doing
impressions of you you are very funny I
think you got great stage presence
welcome to America's Got Talent
there you go Heidi what do you think I
also thought that you were very funny in
a very shy and dorky kind of a way this
this is just a character I've I have sex
all the time
powers what did you think you know to me
the sign of a true Wed not only for your
material that you had prepared but your
repartee with Mel and just now Heidi
you're quick you know and you you've got
that kind of mind that can come out here
90 seconds win everyone over I think
you're gonna do very well thank you so
much thank you for me it's a definite
yes for me it's a yes Heidi I like you
too yes for me too right
Howard big oh yes
speak up again oh man that's cool I'm
gonna happy so weird yeah you know you
never been the savvy people
I'm so happy you're going to Vegas yeah
you made it feel you rock the crowd
thought they liked me the judges like I
was over the judges like me I was with
the audience liking me you said nice
things you liked me I liked me